Table of Contents (Scroll to specific attribution):

License/Credit for Comet712
License/Credit for mobs_npc mod (TenPlus1, MirceaKitsune, Sdzen, Astrobe)
License/Credit for TartaricAcid




Code for this mod is written by Comet712 and is licensed with the MIT license.

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2025 Comet712

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.



Credit to mobs_npc mod (TenPlus1, MirceaKitsune, Sdzen, Astrobe):

This mod uses some visual assets from the mobs_npc mod. Special thanks to TenPlus1, Sdzen, Astrobe for their work on the mobs_nps mod. Also, while their assets were not utilized, special thanks to Dokimi, fishyWET, CatNinja, Gabo, UnKnOwN, LoveHart, I-Dont-Know, Pithy, Cme, Jose, and Bajanhgk, for their contributions used in the original mobs_npc mod.

Also, additional special thanks to TenPlus1 for their work on the Mobs Redo API for Luanti; The maid_companions mod uses that API.

MirceaKitsune (CC BY-SA 3.0)
  mobs_character.b3d

Sdzen (CC BY-SA 3.0)
  mobs_npc2.png
  mobs_npc4.png
  
Astrobe (CC0)
  mobs_npc6.png
  mobs_trader4.png
  
  
  
Credit to TartaricAcid:

This mod is inspired by the Touhou Little Maid mod by TartaricAcid. The term "maid" is from that code. While specific code in maid_companions is not directly borrowed, functionality is inspired from the TLM code. See https://github.com/TartaricAcid/TouhouLittleMaid

MIT License for the Touhou Little Maid mod:

Copyright (c) 2019-2024 tartaric_acid, for the code part

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.


